Darkness Knocks
=

It was a country that always rained.
And I preferred it such that.

All boats were to be
stopped - then searched
and weren't to pass through
until 12 PM approximately.

Above me, hanged a sky, so poorly drawn
and tuned to colours of radio-static that its thin threads floated past me, continuing the notion I held,
that they looked nothing more than splodges of
paint on a clean artist's platter. And the
world seemed to be wrapped
up in some sort of - constant involvement...
Where, I was conveniently positioned within earshot.

No, today was the 29ᵗʰ of February.\
I was one of many but the collective output
of Britannia's finest universities.
I was ready to be signed and shipped of to
one of many yuppie office cubicles,
safely locked in the big city.

Having, contributed my share to
the state's parenthood, it felt only fitting
to, with much boyish glee, show Father my final university
scores. He insisted, that I- age 12, sit London's
toughest of secondary exams, and be it no sooner,
was to realise, that he had fostered a child
who shared little-to-no-interest in this
scholarship rat race of his.

So if poverty, all the worlds suffering
and the devil himself, had collectively
formed at our doorstep.
He was telephoned from work; asked to keep a cool-head
and told - his "son". Hadn't the guts to enlist
in this great teutonic exam after all.
For better or for worse, his eyes never
really met
with mine anymore, except when guests arrived
and he toasted me the occasional innocuous shine.
So, after many years, of
missed fatherly.. Oh something... , I became
immune to man's need to invest himself
in hypothetical discussion.

I remember that, in the latter of my fraternal
years, I was supposed
to visit one of England's most prestigious
schools - to which I did. And it was then. That I learned.
I had no place. Or interest, in high society.

It felt easy, emulating wealth in London, it
was the capital after all.
And being adorned with Her Majesty's
watchful, stamp gently tucked underneath
there was to always be, great glimmers of
poverty and glimpses of fine grandeur
dancing the sooty night away. Given this,
I Thomas Amby, have never felt more foreign
to this city in all me life.

Upon arriving,
at the newfound school, I was given a host, a "buddy" to speak.
He was 3/4 a finger taller than me - but -
perfectly chiselled and gave of sort
of a greco-roman appearance.
He was also one year younger than me but
played of the part of man, much finer
than I could have ever done that day.
His name was Will.

It rained heavily that morning,
and under my gratitude, had I
stowed a mass-production pen,
directly into the warmth of my
blazer, only for it to spoil -
And bleed, all over the inner
lining of me suit. So it was decided
that upon departing from the coach,
equipped with three of five essential
items: an ill-fitting suit, oil-stained
hands and frizzy wet hair. I was
to feel as though, I had come out
of the ground, rather my own college.

It wasn't my shyness to the world's wealth,
or my lack of exposure to it. Nor was
it Will's friends laughter,
with long groans between each chortle,
that had irked me that day. No,
it was something else
that had left an impermeable stain on my young
impressionable mind.

Before the new year, I had
gained a fixed interest in all things
shirts. After, being described as homeless-looking,
to which I found that more of an offense
to the local vagabond community, I had
collected a staggering amount of shirts.
Fabrics were mostly cotten or linen.
And no matter the season all shirts
were long sleeved.

I distinctively remember,
walking down the boardwalk
on a brist summer afternoon hearing two
boys who swung their feet over
the peer edge. "And they have three suits!
All for one day! One for the morning,
one for the afternoon and one for
the evening!" "And they don't
do anything".
Over the course of those final academic
years, I had developed what Chief Army
Medical Officer, Major Lee Boeswurp
could only describe as an "incurable
and unreserved scorn, to every man
and woman I was to meet". Yet, one man
was to slip from my reel of judgement.

Akbar Ali, second lieutenant in command
of the poofta batallion. That was
only partially true but Akbar like all
us **other**s, had contributed his fair
share to the war effort.

So, I'll start again.

Akbar.

Yes Akbar, Akbar was made exempt
from the long list of traitees.
"Akbar, swaggers round the corpses
of the Hun, his brow dripping
in young-self tolerance and his
heart locked up forever more
in young-excitement." is what
our platoon's men would
chorisally repeat,
with a parade stick
teetering dangerously
over painstakingly bulled boots.

To me Akbar, was nothing
more than an democratically elected
dictator - the only honest man,
my eyes have ever known.

In my worst of temperaments, I snapped
- And yelled "What the fuck, do you want
Akbar? Sniff, Money, Ladies of the Night,
your own fucking island seated of the coast
of Galipoli or a seat in the warm room??"

Sniff, was what the lower ranks referred
to as what I thought to be cocaine.
I knew Akbar, wasn't a druggie and
putting him on bar with them, seemed
to be my only regret of my stint
in the war.

- "Oh I don't know.. You see! I want something
that isn't thi-"

This annoyed me to a great extent and
I was just about done with his sort
of character. But just as all moths,
set sail for light and wake up
to dip their
wings in tender flame, this only drew
me closer to Akbar.
I knew what wasn't this. And I knew never to ask again.
No-Akbar, had turned out alright in the end
and I made sure that all archives published with his name
were, to be kept accurate and factually honest.
What preyed on him, was what I believe
every good man, must be put through. That
is before, it even be considered, that
he be recognised for his deeds. - And if not
for her, I'm certain his character would
have been taught in some... I don't know
rudimentary junior officer's seminar.

In our lives, we started with a single
absolute and were given the chance
to foster and raise those absolutes
or watch as we withered them away.

At that same time, but a few
months prior, I started to fall for a fair-skinned
girl. She said things. They lit up huge golden-fires
in my heart and after a moment of careless realisation
had fallen to nothing such more than cigarette ash.
Those, brief moments where I heard my name being called,
to be asked a question irrelevant of any current situating,
had meant a great deal to me. And I was much the fool,
to interpret, that as a misery-free invitation to her heart.
And my college jewels, my fortune I had made.

I did everything correct; wear period-appropriate
clothing, use the right perfume, hold the door open
for her - yet no gesture of mine was ever to be
fully appreciated.

No matter the time or place, there will forever be a seat next to me
and a dozen or so next to his.

We were gentlemen, in every sense of the word, capable soley for her.

I became prone to assign utility to each
and everything no matter, how infinitesimally
small it seemed. I took it upon myself
to pull others from the wreckage and
leave them to drown, if I chose to.

To which the stars owe their light to.

I spent several days in the wilderness.
I am not. Who you think I am.

Chapter 1
-

Each morning, I contributed to the
growing ashtray army,
watered all plants,
fed all outside-birds
and - checked
outside.

A letter had arrived. They
always arrived - addressed to three.
Amby, Akbar, Shelby. And each
letter was posted,
three times -to be exact and
to three addresses. Akbar, insisted
that's how our mail ought to be
sent, "You know old bean, in case
of a sudden dire emergency"
played his voice
in old-timey
antipodean recording. I could
have sworn there was a fourth
name. But it ended in -by and
something was written over it,
so it didn't strike me as strange.

I escorted the letter, to the
living room, where it
sat, alone -
and slung over an empty armchair.
And it wasn't until I was
amply satisfied with this
morning's press that I
made the decision to
carefully cut it open.

The letter was a careless shade
of cream and I was more
concerned with the red
of our fireplace
becoming
increasingly impatient.
Its powdery white coals
flickered and I mused
at the thought of it swallowing
the room whole. So I looked
upon the letter for guidance.

**BAIL SET for Mr Percy Shelby: £50
COURT DATE: 12/11/1920.** \
I threw the letter into the fire.
Having promised to entertain its
big bold type, I quietly exited
through curtains of dawn, out
through flowery fields and
back into fading city
spotlight.

In this dog-eat-dog
world, there seemed
to be no place I seemed to call
home more than the hideout
of XYZ. This was the Cradle
of Judah. Where
the empty souls of men,
came to hang their hats,
wandering - before being
whisked away to wherever
else. Where smoke rushes
in through the pores
of lonely sots, stumbling
through the air and
seeing their own hands
being sieved, through
the sooty air. The last
outpost since Ancient Rome.
From ash to ash,
dust to dust, bone to bone -
no one seemed to stay for too long
and everything
seemed to break on its own..
A place, so destitute - so overdue of all things
destruction -. It grew to me -
like a vestigial twin, airbrushed
faces, mute-grey streets clad
with laden bricks and windowed
stares, no longer bothered me.
After all, I had traded heaven
for drink.


The general goods store
which ran beneath
the disused railway station
was a large shop, really.
A thin strip of concrete
had given way for several holistic
herbs which began to root into its sides,
the strip later safely meandering
around the street corner.
An old sofa was positioned 3/4 of
a way down the road, opposite,
sprints hanging out and all.
Adjacent, an old grandfather clock
was on watch, standing poised
next to the door, vigil
with both hands
fixed to 11 it ushered
an evermore need to be inside
the goods store, especially
in times such as this.

"Smart, this copper" Shelby tutted,
turning a scratched-up head to my side
as the door bells rang.

"No" I corrected, "stupid, you".

Fifteen minutes prior, to last night's events,
Mr Shelby in a habitual drunken
manner had gotten hold of a
telephone, rang the dockyard and gave
advanced notice that

A certain Jafar Ibn Afar had
planted
a bomb under every seventh seat in
every isle of one of the ships
and wasn't to safely
undetonate them unless he was
granted immediate passage to Papa
New Guinea and guaranteed
safety from hungry
human cannibals.

If only he knew, a certain ship had happened
to be transporting a Mr Winston Churchill...
Perhaps, then the events of last
night would have transpired
differently. And maybe
it wouldn't, I was affected indifferently
eitherway.

He had one arm busy with a basket of
and another with
Shelby, who now had his arms busy
with a basket of bread and butter
hovered restly over the counter and placed
his basket of goods.

"Mind if I 'alf pay in shrapnel love?" \
"That's fine by me, dear" \
"This your first taste of English
whiskey, since France eh" joked a man, who I could not see.\
"Fuck you know about France, you war-shy gypsy bastard" \
"What's wrong, with ya boy, can't take a joke?" \
"I'll cut you a smile, how's that's for'a joke". \

I ignored their cultural
discourse and thought aloud,
"My name had always precedented first,
then Akbar and then Shelby"
and it was that sentence
that lit today's eternal smile.
I knew it sounded better the other way
but... Perhaps, it's
for letter bombs I finally said., the three
separate addresses. That way he could arrange
disposal of all three of us - at any time. I chuckled.

After a brief laugh, I returned to the
mortal world, only to see Shelby
rummaging through a crude store magazine
, turning it
upsides-down and then sideways, all
in a routinal manner. This all, took place
in a matter of seconds,
and he had done this in his routine gentlemanly manner.


On a cold and frosty midwinter night,
"D company", a platoon
solely composed of coloureds,
convicts and the involuntarily conscripted
had been ordered to inspect
the grounds for a final time.
For any: litter, damage or theft,
where in a Moses basket,
was found, a boy no younger
than 5 months of age, wrapped
in a ball of yarn and succling on his thumb.
As the boy grew older he made
more colourful demands,
asking to see the men's revolvers, request to
keep all playing cards found in the men's cigarettes
and even talk to the men's women.
When, war broke out on the
evening of 1914, he was sent to Monns. Where I,
was greeted with an officers salute and in a husky
multicultural voice read, "Howdy, I've come to relieve your men".

There, was no record
of an officer fitting his description sent to relieve
my platoon nor was there any record of him
being familiar with proper officer dining etiquette.
So just how a man of his accord became
comissioned in the first place was a mystery to us all.

Rumours stuck around too long
that at the disappearance
of Field Marshall
around that he discovered
an abandoned officers costume in
the trunk of a
broken down car... or that
he shot an officer point blank
for arriving late and expecting a
cup of tea.
But I held silent, for within the cold
Whatever, the case was
my personal theory -
that he amongst many
were pardoned
for any impersonations
due to their effectiveness
on the front line when the war was
declared over. The only thing he had
an affinity for was.

"This one - right - has got a
Very funny looking mark on her Left tit. 'Ere
'ave a look" he paused, for there was a woman
standing opposite him.

She must have been no younger than 20,
Wore a white scarf round her neck,
had large owl-like eyes and there
was a certain naivety to her, that I couldn't
put my finger on. If it was a straight face
she wanted to mantain, in the awkward
silence of it all, I couldn't
help but smile, had calamity struck
and I was to assume her poised lips
resembled more of a ducks bill
I would have surely bawled in laughter.


"That's a nice magazine, you was readin-
she softly spoke, in referrence
to the once looked upon
literature that lay sprawled over
two aisles of dish-soap.
In the awkwardness, of the situation
her voice lit the room like sudden morphine.

"Yeah.. well I was just about leaving
sounding as if he was coughing" - but
I grabbed his sleeve in an effort
to hear what she had to say.

Red threatened to swallow Shelby's face
whole, whilst I couldnt muster up a single
commonplace between the two of us.
for I couldn't think of a single
commonality between the two of us.

akbar you said"
no said percy, and gave
me a tap on the shoulder as
if to indicate
shes a copper lets fuck off look
averted and quickly


During this tense standdown, both parties exhibited
what I perceived as an exhibition of morals,
the scandalous magazine once in Shelby's hands had found itself
in the fruit isle and her
accidental eavesdropping
the tentative averting ears, remained
safelty tucked in her hat.

The fact she had asked for our good friends
whereabouts, was completely oblivious to Shelby.

Chapter 2
=

I woke up to an irritable
tapping-sound the next morning.

The living room was full of package boxes
and a passageway was carved where Shelby,
sat conveniently on an armchair next to the fire.
"What in God's name, is that bloody awful
racket".
"Ah leave it, she'll stop - eventually"
"Who?" I said growing in frustration.






----------------------
The transition between
daylight and darkness,
became less apparant to me,
but there were shadows all around -
so I knew not to investigate any
further. my safety?

"Did I ever tell you about my mother"
two woman passing chattered.
"No I don't believe you did".
"Why the slighest wisp will blow her away"

Continue 1984 description.


"Be - wary... right VERY wary OF any man who owns a pig farm"
jewish cockne cockneyy man, slamming a cane into the bar floor.

Those hogs die of disease and hunger
caused by our allies destroying
their railroads
and bridges that supplied their farms.
They weren't lined up to shot.
For Christ sake, they even
had their own swimming pool
and orchestras.

Well he said, placing
both hands on the table,
If hogs ever become a more
advanced species this one will be a tough
topic to ease into.

The hog reparations will be
the only thing that can temporarily
heal the wounds a skinny man
snapped back.

We can explain. "butted in a nerdy man peanut head" Those hogs who died
of had a dying wish to donate their bodies
to fertilise plants. Noble
hogs they were.

Noticing, my presence
they ushered me to sit
with great welcoming
hands but another gentleman
dressed in a state-fashion
had accompanied me,
to which they wiped their mouth
with handkerchiefs,
and said "we were.. just
looking in a koi pond
lovely fish to which he pointed
to a koi point at the resteraunt-centre.
for words
the word fumbling out his big-timey mouth.
finishing. we'll meet you outside.".
I entered a backroom.
"But what is your work exactly" his voice
raised.

"I don't work" I said dusting myself of.

"You know... We have been following
a particular tip off in th-"
His voice seemed to almost cock back,
not before I slammed the cool shade
of a bottom trunk.

"We own a company, Mr Smith. The
company receives merchandise.
The company offloads merchandise."

"Your card, business card I mean.
Says available most hours, followed
by an asterisk" he says
turning the card in a routine manner.
with an amused expression wrapped
around his skinnny shinkwrapped face.

"I work irregular hours" I said
pushing past him.

"You said you didn't work".

I turned, but he had
already placed
the card in the open
palm of my hand.
perfectly creased in the
middle.

He handed the card back,
it was folded around the middle.

To which he seemed to laugh of
the ambiguity in my answer.

safety was secured.

caused by our allies he added.


Chapter 1 - Cow Tipping
-


She looked down, quickly
almost shocked
to see Shelbys gentleman footwear and then
up to my eyes.

Drowned Strangled as not to stain his clothes.


Red threatened to swallow my face
whole. I couldnt muster up a single
commonplace between the two of us.
for I couldn't think of a single
commonality between the two of us.

Akbar, is he in tonight?
he seemed to muse with regained confidence
no but you can come in
well can you leave a message she whimpered
seemign impatient.
Look, I've looked all over this horrible town
for him and I've been told he lives here.
So I'm waiting here whether you like it or not.
A handbag filled with goods made a sharp and
sudden drop.

She left after 30 minutes.

Akbar what Akbar?

I looked to her, but her eyes had already met mine.


I started to fall for a fair skinned girl.
She said things, they lit up golden-fires in my
heart and after a moment of careful
realisation fell to nothing such
more than cigarette ash. Those,
brief moments, where she
had asked me a question irrelevant
of our ongoings, instead of I,
meant the world to me. And I was
much the fool, to interpret, that
as a misery-free invitation
to her heart. to treasure
that as my college jewels?

No matter, the time or place
There will
forever be a seat next to me, empty
and a dozen to his.
She asked me things, and they soon stopped
- gold. Make this part of the introduction.

I asked one of my trench mates, if i should
buy this to which he replied i could do what
i want and that i could also drink water
from lead pipes.

Fire is a recurring image in Peaky Blinders and there’s a very good thematic reason for that – the filmmakers want to make the connection between Tommy’s career as a criminal and his fate to end up in Hell
here look at this painting he said twirling
a moustache.

Forgive and forget.
I have no spare capacity for forgiveness
and neither do I take the liking to a junior
officer.

That night, I dreamt of ways of cutting that
agents body, hoping
to find something that gave him the idea
of folding my precious card, CONTRAST hooper he was the acid of all alloy
tests. subsitute. He would arrive home at exactly
5 am, kiss his wife, ruffle the hair of his two sons
and drive his smug grin all the way to company HQ.

I was told there would be vegetable bags.
Fell on deaf ears.

Akbar what Akbar?
"Look, I know exactly what you do - so
don't think for one moment I don't know
what this is all about"

